## OOP Practical Workshop - Academy Popcorn

1. The `AcademyPopcorn` class contains an `IndestructibleBlock` class. Use it to create side and ceiling walls to the game. _You can ONLY edit the `AcademyPopcornMain.cs` file_.
2. The `Engine` class has a hardcoded sleep time (search for _"System.Threading.Sleep(500)"_. Make the sleep time a field in the `Engine` and implement a constructor, which takes it as an additional parameter.
3. Search for a _"TODO"_ in the `Engine` class, regarding the `AddRacket` method. Solve the problem mentioned there. There should always be only one Racket. _Note: comment in TODO not completely correct._
4. Inherit the `Engine` class. Create a method `ShootPlayerRacket`. Leave it empty for now.
5. Implement a `TrailObject` class. It should inherit the `GameObject` class and should have a constructor which takes an additional _"lifetime"_ integer. The `TrailObject` should disappear after a "lifetime" amount of turns. You must NOT edit any existing .cs file. Then test the `TrailObject` by adding an instance of it in the engine through the AcademyPopcornMain.cs file.
6. Implement a `MeteoriteBall`. It should inherit the `Ball` class and should leave a trail of `TrailObject` objects. Each trail objects should last for 3 "turns". Other than that, the Meteorite ball should behave the same way as the normal ball. _You must NOT edit any existing .cs file._
7. Test the `MeteoriteBall` by replacing the normal ball in the `AcademyPopcornMain.cs` file.
8. Implement an `UnstoppableBall` and an `UnpassableBlock`. The `UnstopableBall` only bounces off `UnpassableBlocks` and will destroy any other block it passes through. The `UnpassableBlock` should be indestructible. _Hint: Take a look at the `RespondToCollision` method, the `GetCollisionGroupString` method and the `CollisionData` class._
9. Test the `UnpassableBlock` and the `UnstoppableBall` by adding them to the engine in `AcademyPopcornMain.cs` file
10. Implement an `ExplodingBlock`. It should destroy all blocks around it when it is destroyed. You must NOT edit any existing .cs file. _Hint: what does an explosion "produce"?_
11. Implement a `Gift` class. It should be a moving object, which always falls down. The gift shouldn't collide with any ball, but should collide (and be destroyed) with the racket. _You must NOT edit any existing .cs file._
12. Implement a `GiftBlock` class. It should be a block, which "drops" a `Gift` object when it is destroyed. _You must NOT edit any existing .cs file._ Test the `Gift` and `GiftBlock` classes by adding them through the `AcademyPopcornMain.cs` file.
13. Implement a shoot ability for the player racket. The ability should only be activated when a `Gift` object falls on the racket. The shot objects should be a new class (e.g. Bullet) and should destroy normal Block objects (and be destroyed on collision with any block). Use the engine and `ShootPlayerRacket` method you implemented in task 4, but don't add items in any of the engine lists through the `ShootPlayerRacket` method. Also don't edit the Racket.cs file. _Hint: you should have a `ShootingRacket` class and override its `ProduceObjects` method._
