## Fundamental Principles – Part I

1. We are given a **school**. In the school there are classes of students. Each class has a set of teachers. Each teacher teaches a set of disciplines. Students have name and unique class number. Classes have unique text identifier. Teachers have name. Disciplines have name, number of lectures and number of exercises. Both teachers and students are people. Students, classes, teachers and disciplines could have optional comments (free text block).

    Your task is to identify the classes (in terms of  OOP) and their attributes and operations, encapsulate their fields, define the class hierarchy and create a class diagram with Visual Studio.

2. Define abstract class `Human` with first name and last name. Define new class `Student` which is derived from `Human` and has new field – `grade`. Define class `Worker` derived from `Human` with new property `WeekSalary` and `WorkHoursPerDay` and method `MoneyPerHour()` that returns money earned by hour by the worker. Define the proper constructors and properties for this hierarchy. Initialize a list of 10 students and sort them by grade in ascending order (use LINQ or `OrderBy()` extension method). Initialize a list of 10 workers and sort them by money per hour in descending order. Merge the lists and sort them by first name and last name.
3. Create a hierarchy `Dog`, `Frog`, `Cat`, `Kitten`, `Tomcat` and define useful constructors and methods. Dogs, frogs and cats are Animals. All animals can produce sound (specified by the `ISound` interface). Kittens and tomcats are cats. All animals are described by age, name and sex. Kittens can be only female and tomcats can be only male. Each animal produces a specific sound. Create arrays of different kinds of animals and calculate the average age of each kind of animal using a static method (you may use LINQ).