## Common Type System

1. Define a class `Student`, which contains data about a student – first, middle and last name, SSN, permanent address, mobile phone e-mail, course, specialty, university, faculty. Use an enumeration for the specialties, universities and faculties. Override the standard methods, inherited by `System.Object`: `Equals()`, `ToString()`, `GetHashCode()` and operators `==` and `!=`.
2. Add implementations of the `ICloneable` interface. The `Clone()` method should deeply copy all object's fields into a new object of type `Student`.
3. Implement the `IComparable<Student>` interface to compare students by names (as first criteria, in lexicographic order) and by social security number (as second criteria, in increasing order).
4. Create a class `Person` with two fields – name and age. Age can be left unspecified (may contain `null` value. Override `ToString()` to display the information of a person and if age is not specified – to say so. Write a program to test this functionality.
5. Define a class `BitArray64` to hold 64 bit values inside an ulong value. Implement `IEnumerable<int>` and `Equals(…)`, `GetHashCode()`, `[]`, `==` and `!=`.
6. \* Define the data structure binary search tree with operations for "adding new element", "searching element" and "deleting elements". It is not necessary to keep the tree balanced. Implement the standard methods from `System.Object` – `ToString()`, `Equals(…)`, `GetHashCode()` and the operators for comparison `==` and `!=`. Add and implement the `ICloneable` interface for deep copy of the tree. Remark: Use two types – structure `BinarySearchTree` (for the tree) and class `TreeNode` (for the tree elements). Implement `IEnumerable<T>` to traverse the tree.